Add guidance about using the format function (#31198)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/expressions/custom-conditions.mdx

```

The `error_message` argument can be any expression that evaluates to a string.

> This includes literal strings, heredocs, and template expressions. You can use the [`format` function](/language/functions/format) to convert `null` and items from a `list` or `map` into a formatted string. Multi-line

Reviewer: What about 
```
You can use the [`format` function](/language/functions/format) to convert items of `null`, `list`, or `map` types into a formatted string.
```

Author: i like it! let me update :)

> This includes literal strings, heredocs, and template expressions. You can use the [`format` function](/language/functions/format) to convert `null` and items from a `list` or `map` into a formatted string. Multi-line

Author: ```suggestion
This includes literal strings, heredocs, and template expressions. You can use the [`format` function](/language/functions/format) to convert items of `null`, `list`, or `map` types into a formatted string. Multi-line
```
